chore(pfi-305): updated CHANGELOG (#191)
TrueLayer/truelayer-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/).

## [1.5.0] - 2023-11-16
### Added

> - Added schema selection options for the provider filters objects to be submitted when creating a payment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added scheme selection options for the provider selection objects to be submitted when creating a payment.
```

Author: Applied the fix. Thanks
